controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
activities/MainCalculatorActivity.java
 activities.MainCalculatorActivity
factoryDevice/factoryDevices.java
 factoryDevice.factoryDevices
controls/ControlAppium.java
 controls.ControlAppium
activities/contactManager/NewContactScreen.java
 activities.contactManager.NewContactScreen
helpers/LocalReport.java
 helpers.LocalReport
basicAppium/BasicWhenDo.java
 basicAppium.BasicWhenDo
runner/MyStepcalculadora.java
 runner.MyStepcalculadora
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
activities/WhenDo/NewNotes.java
 activities.WhenDo.NewNotes
activities/contactManager/InfoContactScreen.java
 activities.contactManager.InfoContactScreen
testClean/WhenDoTest.java
 testClean.WhenDoTest
basicAppium/BasicAppiumTest.java
 basicAppium.BasicAppiumTest
activities/WhenDo/MainScreen.java
 activities.WhenDo.MainScreen
factoryDevice/WindowsPhone.java
 factoryDevice.WindowsPhone
factoryDevice/IDevice.java
 factoryDevice.IDevice
basicAppium/BasicContactManager.java
 basicAppium.BasicContactManager
testClean/CalculadoraTest.java
 testClean.CalculadoraTest
factoryDevice/CloudDevice.java
 factoryDevice.CloudDevice
runner/MyStepcontact.java
 runner.MyStepcontact
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
factoryDevice/Android.java
 factoryDevice.Android
factoryDevice/IOS.java
 factoryDevice.IOS
singletonSession/session.java
 singletonSession.session
activities/contactManager/MainScreen.java
 activities.contactManager.MainScreen
runner/MyStepdefs.java
 runner.MyStepdefs
runner/Runner.java
 runner.Runner
testClean/ContactManagerTest.java
 testClean.ContactManagerTest
activities/MainCalculatorScreen.java
 activities.MainCalculatorScreen
runner/MyStepClean.java
 runner.MyStepClean
